2023_field_campaign/2023_field_campaign_log.md, before:

# Log file for 2023 field campaign at Trillium Trail in Pittsburgh, PA

## April 13, 2023
Field logs created and printed off (see `licor_log_file_blank.xlsx`). Five LI-6800s, one consumable pelican case, and one LI-2200 plant canopy analyzer are all packed and ready to go. All ancillary consumables (desiccant, soda lime, baking sheets and mitts for desiccant recharging) are packed.

## April 14, 2023
Pack truck and make plans for trip to Nashville, TN

## April 15, 2023
Travel day to Nashville, TN

## April 16, 2023
Travel day to Pittsburgh, PA

## April 17, 2023
Brief field day at Trillium Trail (tour and background from Susan). No measurements collected, but plot layout and general sampling approach made apparent for measurement collection to begin. Tons of Trillium apparent in plots with large enough leaves to measure gas exchange with. Anticipated measurement collection start date is tomorrow, although wintry mix/snow is expected overnight in the region. Might need to start field campaign later in day to allow snowmelt (high temperatures in lower 50s as day progresses).

## April 18, 2023

## April 19, 2023

## April 20, 2023

## April 21, 2023

## April 22, 2023

Commit message:

update field log with apr 18-19 entries

2023_field_campaign/2023_field_campaign_log.md, after:

# Log file for 2023 field campaign at Trillium Trail in Pittsburgh, PA

## April 13, 2023
Field logs created and printed off (see `licor_log_file_blank.xlsx`). Five LI-6800s, one consumable pelican case, and one LI-2200 plant canopy analyzer are all packed and ready to go. All ancillary consumables (desiccant, soda lime, baking sheets and mitts for desiccant recharging) are packed.

## April 14, 2023
Pack truck and make plans for trip to Nashville, TN

## April 15, 2023
Travel day to Nashville, TN

## April 16, 2023
Travel day to Pittsburgh, PA

## April 17, 2023
Brief field day at Trillium Trail (tour and background from Susan). No measurements collected, but plot layout and general sampling approach made apparent for measurement collection to begin. Tons of Trillium apparent in plots with large enough leaves to measure gas exchange with. Anticipated measurement collection start date is tomorrow, although wintry mix/snow is expected overnight in the region. Might need to start field campaign later in day to allow snowmelt (high temperatures in lower 50s as day progresses).

## April 18, 2023
Attempted to do field work, but it was too cold for the Licors to pass H2O warmup tests. Chatted with Nick over protocol, decided on single A/Ci curve per individual followed by a fluorescence measurement. No need for a light response curve. Planning on starting first field campaign tomorrow.

## April 19, 2023
Plot 3 finished and cross referenced with Jessie's demography data. Made decision to not measure tags with multiple rhizomes (i.e. "twins"). Instead, decided to do an a priori randomization where all individuals on the northwest side (away from road, looking uphill, rhizome furthest uphill and to the left) were measured. I fear response curves with multiple rhizomes will cause pseudoreplication issues due to their nonindependence. E-mailed Lalasia to see what was done for the EcoLetters paper in 2021.

Plot 4 is a bit of a mess to get through due to heavy precipitation pooling along bottom of plot. It is advised that this plot not be visited after periods of rainfall. In fact, plots are not safe for anyone to traverse plots alone, at least one accompanying person is likely required to maintain safety.

No fluorescence measurements were recorded (unreconcilable issues in the field with an error message explaining that FLR measurements were not on), but a conversation between Kelly and Evan led to the decision to bring along the multispeQ for subsequent trips to estimate phiPS2 for carbon budget calculations. Kelly will bring the multispeQ to fly up to Evan after he comes back from Vienna.

## April 20, 2023

## April 21, 2023

## April 22, 2023
